document deployment (#537)
pulibrary/pdc_describe: README.md

We use DataCite to mint DOIs and in production you must to define the `DATACITE_*` environment values indicated [here](https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/blob/main/group_vars/pdc_describe/production.yml) for the system to run. During development if you do not set these values the system will use a hard-coded DOI.

## Deploying

- Some PRs will be deployed to `staging` before merge to confirm they work in that environment.
- Most PRs (beyond documentation changes) should be deployed to `production` after merge to get features out to users.
- Many redeployments will also be new versioned releases, but a release is not strictly necessary for every redeployment.

Deployments are done with `pulbot`: You'll need to be added to the `#robots` channel in PULibrary slack.
Once you're added, try `pulbot deploy pdc_describe to staging`: You'll get an error message like:
> I'm sorry, @UserName (U0123456789), but you don't have access to do that.

Copy the ID that looks like `U0123456789`, and make a PR to update the [list of allowed users](https://github.com/pulibrary/pulbot/blob/main/scripts/listener_middleware.coffee).

> A peer who already has privs should merge your PR, redeply pulbot itself with `pulbot deploy pulbot`.

Author: ```suggestion
A peer who already has privs should merge your PR, and redeploy pulbot itself with `pulbot deploy pulbot`.
```

When the pulbot redeploy is complete you'll be able to complete your deploy to staging.

PDC applications are only available on campus, or through the VPN.

To create a tagged release use the [steps in the RDSS handbook](https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook/blob/main/release_process.md)

> You can specify the tagged version in deployments to production: `pulbot deploy pdc_describe/v1.2.3 to production`

Author: ```suggestion
You should specify the tagged version in deployments to production: `pulbot deploy pdc_describe/v1.2.3 to production`
```
